app-arch/bzip2 nolto.conf
app-arch/unzip nolto.conf
app-arch/zip nolto.conf

app-crypt/mit-krb5 nolto.conf
app-crypt/rhash nolto.conf

app-shells/zsh nolto.conf

dev-lang/lua nolto.conf
dev-lang/luajit gcc.conf
dev-lang/perl nolto.conf
dev-lang/python python.conf

dev-libs/libffi gcc.conf
dev-libs/libgcrypt gcrypt.conf
dev-libs/libmpack gcc.conf
dev-libs/libvterm nolto.conf
dev-libs/re2 gcc.conf
dev-libs/tree-sitter gcc.conf

dev-lua/lpeg nolto.conf
dev-lua/LuaBitOp nolto.conf

dev-perl/Locale-gettext nolto.conf
dev-perl/Net-SSLeay nolto.conf
dev-perl/Socket6 nolto.conf
dev-perl/TermReadKey nolto.conf
dev-perl/Text-CharWidth nolto.conf

dev-python/cython gcc.conf
dev-python/lxml gcc.conf
dev-python/pycryptodome gcc.conf

dev-qt/qtcore nolto.conf
dev-qt/qtdeclarative nolto.conf
dev-qt/qtgui nolto.conf
dev-qt/qtsql nolto.conf
dev-qt/qtsvg nolto.conf
dev-qt/qtwidgets nolto.conf
dev-qt/qtnetwork nolto.conf
dev-qt/linguist-tools nolto.conf
dev-qt/qtchooser nolto.conf
dev-qt/qtprintsupport nolto.conf

dev-util/valgrind gcc.conf

media-libs/freetype nolto.conf
media-libs/libvpx nolto.conf
media-libs/openh264 nolto.conf
media-libs/x264 nolto.conf

media-video/ffmpeg gcc.conf

net-dns/libidn2 nolto.conf

sys-apps/busybox nolto.conf
sys-apps/pciutils nolto.conf
sys-apps/less nolto.conf
sys-apps/sysvinit nolto.conf

sys-devel/binutils gcc.conf
sys-devel/gcc gcc.conf

sys-fs/btrfs-progs gcc.conf
sys-fs/eudev nolto.conf
sys-fs/e2fsprogs gcc.conf

sys-libs/binutils-libs nolto.conf
sys-libs/e2fsprogs-libs nolto.conf
sys-libs/glibc glibc.conf
sys-libs/libxcrypt nolto.conf
sys-libs/readline nolto.conf

sys-process/htop htop.conf

www-client/ungoogled-chromium physical.conf

x11-drivers/nvidia-drivers gcc.conf

net-print/cups nolto.conf
app-text/ghostscript-gpl nolto.conf
dev-java/openjdk gcc.conf

#media-video/ffmpeg steam.conf
#sys-libs/glibc steam.conf
#x11-libs/gtk+ steam.conf
